= Changes

== Version 1.1.1

 - Merge in a Sinatra support.
 - Merge in other pull requests.
 - Switched from rspec to minitest specs.
 - Removed jeweler dependency and updated to more recent bundler + gemspec format.

== Version 1.0.2

  - Merged in John Bintz's patch to properly strip leading "::" prefixes from class names.

== Version 1.0.1
  - Patch to fix bug for projects with spaces in the path. (Thanks, Tim Harvey!)

== Version 1.0.0
  - After months of community testing, we're finally at 1.0.0. Woohoo! This release is 100% compatible with the last pre-1.0.0 release.
  - Patch for model classes not in the root module namespace.
  - Documentation updates.

== Version 0.11.3
  - Merge in bug fix and test cases from Tim Harvey. (Thanks!)
  - Documentation updates.

== Version 0.11.2
  - Bugfix for including gem version number in generated documents.
  - Gem meta-data fixes.

== Version 0.11.1
  - Minor bug fixes.

== Version 0.9.1
  - Removal of deprecated API call.
  - Documentation updates.

== Version 0.9.0
  - Forked from tobias-railroad on GitHub.
  - Project rebranding to reflect Rails v3 support.
  - Adding railtie support for Rails 3 plugins.
  - Adding rake tasks that are automatically included by Rails 3 applications.

== Version 0.8.0 (22 June 2010)
  - add --specify to specify only a few model/controller files as the opposite of --exclude
  - improve test coverage

== Version 0.7.0
	- get tests passing, make things generally more testable, start improving coverage
	- add support for ignoring a glob pattern and multiple files, simplify options

== Version 0.5.8 (May 16 2009)
- Fixed an embarassing showstopper bug introduced in 0.5.6 where no
  relationships would show

== Version 0.5.7 (May 16 2009)
- Load the version automatically from VERSION.yml

== Version 0.5.1 to 0.5.6 (May 15 2009)
- Make sure the proper version tag is set everywhere
- Support showing belongs_to relationships when generating models
- Transitioned to using Jeweler for gem management
- Shuffled some file locations around
- NOTE: there are NO tests passing yet, but this gem was developed without 'em
- Fixed broken gemspec
- Added ChangeLog entries
- Added AUTHORS entry
- Updated railroad version entry
- Support rails v2.3
- Support namespaced models/controllers

== Version 0.5.0 (may 10 2008)
- Changed model relationships representation (feature request #10898)
- Added support for plugins models (-p) (feature request #12742 by 
  Chris Richards). Thanks to Elliot Smith.
- Added support for irregular inflexions (from patch #12384). Thanks 
  to Juan Ignacio Pumarino.
- Added hidding of magic fields (--hide-magic) (from patch #13351)
  Thanks to Hajime Baba.
- Added -r option to set the application root path (request #12801).
- The -e flag now requires full path to excluded files.
- Added support for state machine diagram ("acts as state machine" plugin).
  Thanks to Ana Nelson (she did all the work!).

== Version 0.4.1 (may 9 2008)
- Fix bug #17852 (class name treated as String).

== Version 0.4.0 (apr 25 2007)
- Draw inheritance edges in reverse way
  (from superclass to subclass, with an arrow in the tail)
  This improves how 'dot' renders the graph
- By default, don't draw transitive inherited associations
- Added --transitive flag to draw transitive inherited associations
- Added --exclude flag for ommiting classes (this may help to produce
  diagrams for applications with broken classes)

== Version 0.3.4 (apr 12 2007)
- Add support for model abstract classes.
  (don't try to get content columns, bug #10033)
- Add verbose mode
- More code cleanup.
- Using an internal representation and then 
  generating the DOT output. This will allow to
  add more output formats in the future.

== Version 0.3.3 (apr 10 2007)
- Code cleanup 

== Version 0.3.2 (apr 9 2007)
- Disable STDOUT when loading applications classes, avoiding 
  messing up the DOT output.
  (Thanks to Sebastien Auvray, http://tnlessone.wordpress.com/)

== Version 0.3.1 (apr 9 2007)
- Release again for fix an error in .gem file

== Version 0.3.0 (apr 9 2007)
- Major code rewrite 
  (More OO style)
- Using Ruby's optparse to parse commandline options
- Added flags for including (excluding) controllers methods
  based on visibility
- Added -o flag for file output.
- Minor cosmetic changes.

== Version 0.2.0 (apr 8 2007)
- Differentiate classes from modules
- Added "-m" flag for considering modules
- Draw double-headed arrows for habtm and has_many, :through associations
- Fix inheritance support for non ActiveRecord::Base classes on model 
  diagrams

== Version 0.1.2 (apr 7 2007)
- Documentation moved from script header to README

== Version 0.1.1 (apr 5 2007)
- Changed default graph label fontsize to 14.
- Better error handling.
- Minor cosmetic changes.
- New way to load classes, supporting subdirectories traversal.
  (Inspired in RAV, http://rav.rubyforge.org/)
- RailRoady version included in diagrams' label.

== Version 0.1.0 (apr 2 2007)
- Initial release.
